Add information on numerical-diff and error-estimation. (#414)
vgvassilev/clad: docs/userDocs/source/user/UsingClad.rst

Numerical Differentiation Fallback
====================================

> In the cases that Clad is unable to differentiate a function by itself, something that can happen if 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the cases that Clad is unable to differentiate a function by itself
```

Clad is unable to see the function's definition, it will by default resort to numerically differentiating

> the same. Clad implements a simple `Five-Point Stencil Method <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Five-point_stencil>`_ 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the same. Clad uses the `Five-Point Stencil Method <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Five-point_stencil>`_ 
```

with support for differentiating most scalar or array (pointer) types. For a comprehensive demo on numerically 
differentiating custom/user-defined types, you can checkout the following `demo <https://github.com/vgvassilev/clad/blob/master/demos/CustomTypeNumDiff.cpp>`_.   

This default behavior can be disabled by passing the `-DCLAD_NO_NUM_DIFF` flag during the compilation of 

> your programs, doing so will cause Clad to fail and error out if it encounters something non-differentiable. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your program. This will cause Clad to fail and error out if it encounters something non-differentiable. 
```

> Another interesting bit of information that can be solicited from numerical differentiation calls is error information. 

Reviewer 2: @grimmmyshini, ping.

Since numerical differentiation is only a way to estimate the derivative, it is essential to keep track of any associated 
errors. Users can choose to enable printing of error estimates for numerical differentiation calls in Clad using an 
extra function call parameter. Doing so will enable the printing of error information on standard output.

> For more detailed information on numerical differentiation with Clad, checkout this `gist <https://gist.github.com/grimmmyshini/8226a8eeda5dfe0cf0a3ed2b845bf87e>`_. 

Reviewer 2: ping.

Error Estimation
======================

Clad is capable of annotating a given function with floating point error estimation code using the reverse mode of AD. 
An interface similar to `clad::gradient(f)` is provided as follows:

`clad::estimate_error(f)` takes 1 argument:

   - `f` is a pointer to the function or method to be annotated with floating point error estimation code.

The function signature of the generated code is the same as from `clad::gradient(f)` with the exception that 
it has an extra argument at the end of type `double&`, which returns the total floating point error in the function 
by reference. For a user function `double f(double, double)` example usage is described below::

   // Generate the floating point error estimation code for 'f'.
   auto df = clad::estimate_error(f);
   // Print the generated code to standard output.
   df.dump();
   // Declare the necessary variables.
   double x, y, d_x, d_y, final_error = 0;
   // Finally call execute on the generated code.
   df.execute(x, y, &d_x, &d_y, final_error);
   // After this, 'final_error' contains the floating point error in function 'f'.

> The above example generates the the error code using an in-built taylor approximation model. However, Clad is 

Reviewer: model seems like the wrong word. method?
